---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jenkins_credential_vault_approle Resource - terraform-provider-jenkins"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Vault AppRole credential within Jenkins. This credential may then be referenced within jobs that are created.
  ~> The "secret_id" property may leave plain-text secret id in your state file. If using the property to manage the secret id in Terraform, ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.
  ~> The Jenkins installation that uses this resource is expected to have the Hashicorp Vault Plugin https://plugins.jenkins.io/hashicorp-vault-plugin/ installed in their system.
---

# jenkins_credential_vault_approle (Resource)

Manages a Vault AppRole credential within Jenkins. This credential may then be referenced within jobs that are created.

~> The "secret_id" property may leave plain-text secret id in your state file. If using the property to manage the secret id in Terraform, ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.

~> The Jenkins installation that uses this resource is expected to have the [Hashicorp Vault Plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/hashicorp-vault-plugin/) installed in their system.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "jenkins_credential_vault_approle" "example" {
  name      = "example-approle"
  role_id   = "example"
  secret_id = "super-secret"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the credentials being created. This maps to the ID property within Jenkins, and cannot be changed once set.
- `role_id` (String) The role_id to be associated with the credentials.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A human readable description of the credentials being stored.
- `domain` (String) The domain store to place the credentials into. If not set will default to the global credentials store.
- `folder` (String) The folder namespace to store the credentials in. If not set will default to global Jenkins credentials.
- `namespace` (String) The Vault namespace of the approle credential.
- `path` (String) The unique name of the approle auth backend. Defaults to `approle`.
- `scope` (String) The visibility of the credentials to Jenkins agents. This must be set to either "GLOBAL" or "SYSTEM". If not set will default to "GLOBAL".
- `secret_id` (String, Sensitive) The secret_id to be associated with the credentials. If empty then the secret_id property will become unmanaged and expected to be set manually within Jenkins. If set then the secret_id will be updated only upon changes -- if the secret_id is set manually within Jenkins then it will not reconcile this drift until the next time the secret_id property is changed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The full canonical job path, e.g. `/job/job-name`
