---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jenkins_credential_azure_service_principal Resource - terraform-provider-jenkins"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Service Principal credential within Jenkins. This credential may then be referenced within jobs that are created.
  ~> The "client_secret" property may leave plain-text secret id in your state file. If using the property to manage the secret id in Terraform, ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.
  ~> The Jenkins installation that uses this resource is expected to have the Azure Credentials Plugin https://plugins.jenkins.io/azure-credentials/ installed in their system.
---

# jenkins_credential_azure_service_principal (Resource)

Manages an Azure Service Principal credential within Jenkins. This credential may then be referenced within jobs that are created.

~> The "client_secret" property may leave plain-text secret id in your state file. If using the property to manage the secret id in Terraform, ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.

~> The Jenkins installation that uses this resource is expected to have the [Azure Credentials Plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/azure-credentials/) installed in their system.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "jenkins_credential_azure_service_principal" "foo" {
  name            = "example-secret"
  subscription_id = "01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef"
  client_id       = "abcdef01-2345-6789-0123-456789abcdef"
  client_secret   = "super-secret"
  tenant          = "01234567-89ab-cdef-abcd-456789abcdef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The client id (application id) of the Azure Service Principal.
- `name` (String) The name of the credentials being created. This maps to the ID property within Jenkins, and cannot be changed once set.
- `subscription_id` (String) The Azure subscription id mapped to the Azure Service Principal.
- `tenant` (String) The Azure Tenant ID of the Azure Service Principal.

### Optional

- `authentication_endpoint` (String) Override the Azure Active Directory endpoint for the selected Azure environment.
- `azure_environment_name` (String) The Azure Cloud enviroment name. Allowed values are "Azure", "Azure China", "Azure Germany", "Azure US Government".
- `certificate_id` (String, Sensitive) The certificate reference of the Azure Service Principal, pointing to a Jenkins certificate credential. Cannot be used with `client_secret`. Has to be specified, if `client_secret` is not specified.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret of the Azure Service Principal. Cannot be used with `certificate_id`. Has to be specified, if `certificate_id` is not specified.
- `description` (String) A human readable description of the credentials being stored.
- `domain` (String) The domain store to place the credentials into. If not set will default to the global credentials store.
- `folder` (String) The folder namespace to store the credentials in. If not set will default to global Jenkins credentials.
- `graph_endpoint` (String) Override the Azure graph endpoint URL for the selected Azure environment.
- `resource_manager_endpoint` (String) Override the Azure resource manager endpoint URL for the selected Azure environment.
- `scope` (String) The visibility of the credentials to Jenkins agents. This must be set to either "GLOBAL" or "SYSTEM". If not set will default to "GLOBAL".
- `service_management_url` (String) Override the Azure management endpoint URL for the selected Azure environment.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The full canonical job path, e.g. `/job/job-name`
