---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jenkins_credential_aws Resource - terraform-provider-jenkins"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an AWS credential within Jenkins.
  ~> The "secret_key" property may leave plain-text secret id in your state file. If using the property to manage the secret id in Terraform, ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.
  ~> The Jenkins installation that uses this resource is expected to have the AWS Credentials Plugin https://plugins.jenkins.io/aws-credentials/ installed in their system.
---

# jenkins_credential_aws (Resource)

Manages an AWS credential within Jenkins.

~> The "secret_key" property may leave plain-text secret id in your state file. If using the property to manage the secret id in Terraform, ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.

~> The Jenkins installation that uses this resource is expected to have the [AWS Credentials Plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/aws-credentials/) installed in their system.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "jenkins_credential_aws" "example" {
  name                  = "example-aws-credential"
  access_key            = "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE"
  secret_key            = "wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY"
  iam_role_arn          = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/MyIAMRoleName"
  iam_mfa_serial_number = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/user-name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the resource being created. This maps to the ID property within Jenkins, and cannot be changed once set.

### Optional

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) An AWS access key ID. This is the public part of the key pair used to authenticate with AWS services.
- `description` (String) A human readable description of the credentials being stored.
- `domain` (String) The domain store to place the credentials into. If not set will default to the global credentials store.
- `folder` (String) The folder namespace to store the resource in. If not set will default to global Jenkins.
- `iam_mfa_serial_number` (String) The identifier for an MFA device. Either a serial number for hardware MFA devices, or an ARN for virtual devices.
 This is only required if the trust policy of the role being assumed includes a condition that requires MFA authentication.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) An ARN specifying the IAM role to assume. The format should be something like: "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/MyIAMRoleName".
- `scope` (String) The visibility of the credentials to Jenkins agents. This must be set to either "GLOBAL" or "SYSTEM". If not set will default to "GLOBAL".
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) An AWS secret access key. This is the private part of the key pair used to authenticate with AWS services.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The full canonical job path, e.g. `/job/job-name`
