---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jenkins_credential_ssh Resource - terraform-provider-jenkins"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a SSH credential within Jenkins. This SSH credential may then be referenced within jobs that are created.
  ~> The "passphrase" and "privatekey" properties may leave plain-text values in your state file. Ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.
---

# jenkins_credential_ssh (Resource)

Manages a SSH credential within Jenkins. This SSH credential may then be referenced within jobs that are created.

~> The "passphrase" and "privatekey" properties may leave plain-text values in your state file. Ensure that your state file is properly secured and encrypted at rest.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "jenkins_credential_ssh" "example" {
  name       = "example-id"
  username   = "example-username"
  privatekey = file("/some/path/id_rsa")
  passphrase = "Super_Secret_Pass"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the resource being created. This maps to the ID property within Jenkins, and cannot be changed once set.
- `privatekey` (String, Sensitive) Private SSH key, can be given as string or read from file with 'file()' terraform function.
- `username` (String) Username

### Optional

- `description` (String) A human readable description of the credentials being stored.
- `domain` (String) The domain store to place the credentials into. If not set will default to the global credentials store.
- `folder` (String) The folder namespace to store the resource in. If not set will default to global Jenkins.
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) Passphrase for privatekey. This has to be skipped if private key was created without passphrase.
- `scope` (String) The visibility of the credentials to Jenkins agents. This must be set to either "GLOBAL" or "SYSTEM". If not set will default to "GLOBAL".

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The full canonical job path, e.g. `/job/job-name`
